- Computers keep us in touch with family and friends,
and help us do our jobs.
The connectedness of our devices allows us to achieve more.
And the internet allows you to tap into people
and great ideas around the world
to collaborate with anyone and bring your ambitions to life.
This series of lessons is designed to help you improve
your current skills and also learn new skills
to help you succeed in the online world.
This course introduces you to the skills needed
to collaborate online and pursue your ambitions.
You might be new to working online,
or you may have a lot of experience online with smartphones,
but you're learning how to accomplish tasks on laptops
or desktop computers.
If the thought of working online seems intimidating to you,
or if you have felt frustrated with previous attempts
to learn these skills,
consider this insight from a talented
digital literacy coach in Kenya, Grace Nshimiyumukiza.
She noted that the roots of getting to knowledge
are always hard and tough,
but the fruits of it are always enjoyable and sweet.
So practice these skills and over time you will succeed.
This course is dedicated to getting things done online.
We'll see how to connect your network,
use email, video chat, and search the internet,
as well as how to stay safe while doing so.
I'm Garrick Chow and welcome to this course
on working and collaborating online.
Let's get started.